remove a broken link (#18673)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/baseaudiocontext/samplerate/index.md

## Examples

> **Note:** for a full Web Audio example implementation, see one of our

> > Web Audio Demos on the [MDN GitHub repo](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/repositories?q=audio). Try entering

Reviewer: This links list a lot of unmaintained repo.
We have a special repo for Web Audio examples, that is maintained

```suggestion
> Web Audio Demos on the [MDN GitHub repo](https://github.com/mdn/webaudio-examples). Try entering
```
